Readme instructions (#24)
PTR-projects/PTR_GroundStation_firmware: README.md

[Instrukcja w języku polskim](README_PL.md)
# PTR Groundstation
Firmware for the TTGO family of ESP32 / LoRa / OLED boards, that turns them into powerful groundstations for avionics systems developed by [PTR-Projects](https://github.com/PTR-projects).
## Installation and setup
1. Download and unzip the latest binary for your board from the [releases](https://github.com/PTR-projects/PTR_GroundStation_firmware/releases/latest) section.
2. Flash the binary onto the board, with address offset 0. [You can use this online tool](https://espressif.github.io/esptool-js/) which is compatible with most popular browsers.
To do this, plug your board into your computer, power it on, and select it from the COM port list. Select the .bin file you downloaded, set the flash address offset to `0x0`, and click program.
**Note: If you're having problems, try a different browser.**
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0a8ee731-6ea4-45b8-bbbe-b01a5d15f8f0)

   
At this point you're done. If the display works, but appears broken, follow the next steps.

> 3. Connect to the board's wifi network, it should start with `PTR-GS`. You may need to disable mobile data when connecting from a phone.

Reviewer: Myśle że warto podkreślić, że teraz TTGO wystawia AP do którego trzeba się podłączyć. Może
```suggestion
3. Connect to AccessPoint created by board. Network name will follow pattern `PTR-GS-1234`. You may need to disable mobile data when connecting from a phone.
```

4. Open your browser and go to `192.168.4.1`

> 5. Scroll down to `Change OLED driver`, change it, and click `Change driver`.

Reviewer: Samo kliknięcie nie naprawi ;) trzeba wybrać poprawną wartość zgodną z typem wyświetlacza który masz.
```suggestion
5. Scroll down to section `Change OLED driver`. From dropdown menu pick display type connected to board. Confirm changes by clicking `Change driver`.
```

The display should be fixed, and the board is ready to receive telemetry.

## Usage
### Display
Important parameters are displayed on the OLED display.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/30f719f9-cf0c-4b11-9134-577d8493df3d)

> **Note: To be able to use the bearing and distance readouts, you must have a GPS-equipped board.**

Reviewer: Dodałbym tutaj że `bearing` i `distance` to azymut i odległość dziląca stacje i tracker.
